Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 12]
What is this?
Hyuk has been being entertained
by our collaborating companies.
Why would a mere intern
be wined and dined?
The companies we work with wouldn't
see him as a mere intern.
They would see him as your son, Father.
It seems he's been requesting a lot.
I've been getting many anonymous tips.
Gosh, Gang Su.
You should've given him a decent salary.
He could spend
tens of millions of won a day.
How can live off
an intern's salary of 1.5 million won?
That rascal.
Why didn't he come to me
if he needed money?
He's up to all sorts of things lately.
This shouldn't be taken lightly, Father.
Things that were seen as traditional
in the past are now problems.
What about the beef rice bowls?
You don't think he gained favor
for them through bribes, do you?
Oh my!
Will you lose the president's
commendation if that's true?
Oh, they might tell you to return it!
For goodness' sake.
You out there. Secretary Park!
Yes, CEO.
- Tell Hyuk to come up.
- Yes, CEO.
Huh?
You should've been smarter about it
if you were going to accept them.
Why would you leave behind evidence?
This... this really is total nonsense!
This isn't true.
I went along because I was told
the meeting was for work.
I never accepted money.
Please trust me, Father!
It's okay.
When you work in a company...
things like this can happen.
But, people have started sending
each other anonymous tips.
You had that airplane scandal
not too long ago.
Imagine if this leaks out too!
Restoring you will be impossible then.
Just leave for a bit.
Or until things quiet down, just go...
stay quiet somewhere.
Why should I? This isn't true, Father.
Stop making excuses.
You should be thankful for our
father's generous decision.
Father, I'd rather you did
an official investigation.
After the investigation,
if it is revealed that I took the bribe
then I will happily
accept any punishment.
However, I really did not do it.
I have been framed this time.
- Framed?
- Yes, Father.
I don't know who
or why they framed me.
I must found out and reveal them.
Then bring me evidence.
Bring me irrefutable evidence
that you've been framed.
Father.
I'll give you exactly three days.
If you can't bring me evidence by then,
you're out of the company.
Do you understand?
I understand.
What? A bribe?
Are you doing that kind of thing now?
I didn't do it though.
I didn't take a bribe.
I've really been wronged.
You said there was a picture of you
taking an envelope though.
That's why I'm going crazy here, Joon.
Who in the world took
that picture and why am I in it?
My father wants me to prove I've
been framed within three days.
What do I do, Joon?
What do I do, Jae Hoon?
Where did the picture come from?
I don't know. I'm the only one in it.
The other company person isn't in it.
Still, there must one
or two people you can think of.
Perhaps...
it's CEO Min.
- CEO Min?
Yes.
He's the CEO of the company.
Yes, turns out he owns a food product, a
food container, and a packaging company.
All three are owned by CEO Min.
Was Section Chief Yang there with you?
Of course!
Section Chief Yang
took all the envelopes.
I need see the pictures. Where are they?
My father has them.
Ah, really?
Okay, I'll look into
the pictures somehow.
Get Section Chief Yang
to make a statement for you.
As if Section Chief Yang
would make such a statement.
He should try though,
especially against CEO Min.
He can't take it lying down, right Hyuk?
Of course! I'll go meet
Section Chief Yang.
Okay. Let's go!
Go!
I just need to talk for a moment.
Why? What is it?
You know that time we were
drinking with CEO Min?
I didn't take
any envelopes from him, did I?
Envelopes? Why would you mention that?
You took an envelope
from him and I didn't.
Can you go see the CEO and
make that statement for me?
What are you talking about?
You're crazy.
Section Chief Yang!
The envelope... the envelope!
[To: Baek Joon]
[Have secured the pictures.]
Section Chief Yang, Section Chief Yang!
I was totally drunk that day and
I don't remember a thing.
Section Chief Yang!
You accepted that envelope.
Hey, you'd better be quiet.
If you bring this up once more,
I won't let it go.
I'll go to the CEO and tell him
you took an envelope full of money too.
- What?
- Just stop bothering me.
Seriously, Section Chief Yang!
[Mister Lee]
[Have secured the pictures.]
Okay, then.
Oh, you scared me.
What are you doing here?
Don't get involved in this.
If I don't, should I leave Hyuk
to get wronged like this?
Hyuk might really have taken the money.
Hyuk says he didn't.
How can you trust him?
You don't believe him?
He's going up against CEO Min.
You and I both know
who's backing CEO Min.
Isn't the picture obvious to you?
Yes, you're right.
This is Hyuk's family's fight.
This a fight between
Hyuk and his brother.
But, he's fighting
very dirty for a family fight.
He's even framing him
for a bribe Hyuk didn't take.
Nonetheless, just ignore it.
- We shouldn't get involved this time.
- No.
Hyuk didn't just stand by and watch.
When I went to President Jang to find out
the truth about my dad's bribery case...
I only heard the truth thanks to Hyuk.
So, how can I do nothing?
We are Hyuk's friends, Jae Hoon.
Aren't we?
What is this picture you want to draw?
A world where you can win.
A place where my friends,
like Joon, can win.
What? CEO Min?
Yes, CEO Min.
CEO Min has that many companies?
Turns out he does.
Section Chief Yang's proposals this time
all include CEO Min's companies.
Oh my goodness, my goodness!
Ah, here it is.
The names of all of CEO Min's companies.
[Hangang Food Products,
Hangang Containers, Hangang Packaging]
Something smells off about this.
What smell?
Look, food products,
containers, and packaging.
All of these are connected to each other,
so why make separate companies?
The CEO is one person.
Right, Ki Sub?
It can't be...
No way. It can't be.
What? What is it?
No, I'll look into it some more.
I'll tell you once I'm sure.
I am an expert in the equity structure
of complicated companies.
I'll figure it out
and let you know, okay?
Yes, okay.
Then I'll look into what contracts those
companies have with Gangsu Foods.
What's going on with the pictures?
Joon agreed to look into the pictures.
- Eat up.
- All right.
Wow.
Yum. This is good.
Do you remember him, Sis?
Yeah.
I heard CEO Min was there too.
You were there too, right?
I don't know. Maybe, I was.
Did this person here
really take that money?
I don't know. I can't really remember.
Did he take it or not...
Sis! Please just tell me.
Did he really take the money?
Is this picture correct?
I have nothing to say.
You should leave, Joon.
It's very important to this person.
Can't you please tell me?
Let me ask you something first.
Why are you doing this?
I told you that it's important to him.
It's not because he's important to you?
If he's not that kind
of person to you, then leave.
Don't go through the trouble.
He is...
important to me.
How important is he?
Very.
Very, very important.
So, please think of our history.
Can't you help me this once?
I'm asking you to help.
What will you do about Hyuk, Father?
You will send him out if he can't bring
evidence within three days, right?
Do you not know
your younger brother at all?
What do you mean by that?
He usually gives up on everything.
He may not admit
to other people's wrongs.
He is the type to avoid things.
Isn't that right, Woo Sung?
He went to study abroad like that
and had many chances to run.
Right now, he's holding firm though.
That means there's a reason why.
Why don't you consider believing
your brother at all?
I do believe that Hyuk is innocent.
Shouldn't we keep our personal
and business lives separate though?
This is not a small matter. It's bribery.
What? Bribery?
Who? Hyuk?
He says he was framed.
He's going to prove it.
Let's wait and see, okay?
What is this all about?
What is this about bribery and
about proving his innocence?
Did something happen to Hyuk again?
Honey.
If you had choose between Woo Sung
and Hyuk, who would you choose?
What are you talking about?
I suppose I should choose the one
who's left standing in the end.
He will be the stronger one.
They are both my children and
they both need to live well.
You want to see one die
just to raise one strong one?
Are you determined to cast one out?
Is that what you're doing?
When it comes to company management,
the strong one would be best.
How can you be a father and not even
consider the happiness of your kids?
All you talk about is your
company, company, company!
Come on, you're being too harsh.
That's enough.
Do you know how much I've regretted
not righting that wrong back then?
Well, why would you know?
You have no interest at all.
Where are you going?
Hey.
Honey.
Where are you going this late at night?
I've lost all affection for you.
I don't want to be near you.
Wait. Honey. Honey!
My goodness.
[Madam Baek]
[Baek Joon]
Come for drinks at the street vendor.
I'll be going now.
Can't you see everyone's working late?
I'm done with all of my work.
Work hard.
Third Generation sure has
a free office life.
I'm going to get going as well.
What's going on?
What?
The employees on this team are a mess!
Over here.
What happened?
Did you find out
the source of the picture?
Who am I? Of course, I did.
It's not a picture. It's a video.
A video?
It's not a hidden camera, is it?
A hidden camera?
Hidden camera? This is a hidden camera?
Yes, it was filmed with that.
Where is the original file?
CEO Min took it long ago.
There's nothing here.
Joon, I'm saying this
because I care about you.
Don't get involved so recklessly.
Byun Woo Sung is a scary person.
Chief Byun Woo Sung?
Chief Byun Woo Sung
probably has that video now.
What? My brother?
Yes, she says your brother
probably has it.
CEO Min does whatever
Byun Woo Sung tells him to do.
Are you okay, Hyuk?
Wow, what is this?
Is this the "War of the Brothers"
that I've only heard about?
It's not a war yet.
You haven't officially
pulled out your sword yet.
Where are you going?
To meet CEO Min.
I need to see for myself,
to see if my brother ordered all of this.
If you do ask him,
do you think he'll just confess?
Suppose that he does,
do you think that's evidence?
I'll have to record him.
Going to him to bring up your brother
is rash and it's like suicide, okay?
Yeah, Jae Hoon is right.
Once you bring up your brother,
it doesn't help us get evidence.
Then what should I do now?
First, we need to get
the video that Chief Byun has.
We don't even know where it is.
Hello... Kitty.
- Hello Kitty?
Hello Kitty?
Yes, it's on the Hello Kitty USB
that CEO Min took.
Hello Kitty, you say.
It's a sign of my sincerity.
It's all part of the affection
that's between us.
Please don't refuse. Just accept it.
It's all part of the affection
that's between us.
CEO, don't do this.
I won't take this.
If you keep doing this,
I'll be very hurt.
I'm going to leave.
All right, all right.
Then just have another drink.
Here.
Here you go.
Is this the only copy of the video?
- Are you sure?
- I am certain.
Keep your people quiet.
Be careful, so nothing leaks.
Yes, I understand.
If you keep doing this,
I'm going to leave.
All right.
Wait.
Oh, that lethal agility.
That luxurious, voluptuous beauty.
Hello, kitty.
Yes, Joon.
My love, my love, mi amor.
Mi amor, mi amor.
Mi amor, mi amor, mi amor, mi amor...
What are you doing?
I guess getting it like that isn't
going to work, right?
Of course not.
You could get charged
with breaking and entering.
Do you want to be interrogated
by prosecutors again?
No, I don't want that, friend.
Should I pretend to clean to look for it?
If you get caught on the CCTV,
it could be a problem later.
Then what can we do?
Ah, who can go into Chief Byun's
office without looking suspicious?
Without looking suspicious,
go inside and...
the person who
could take the video is...
Are you crazy? I'm not doing that.
Dream on.
Hey, how can you just leave like this?
It could be too much
for Jae Hoon, right?
Don't be disappointed.
We still have time,
so let's think of a way.
Whatever happens, Joon...
I'm so thankful that
you're worrying about me this much.
You don't need to hold my hand though.
Okay.
We'll find a way, right?
Excuse me.
What did you mean earlier?
What do you mean?
Why did you tell me
you transferred to Financial Crimes?
Just... think whatever you'd like.
Oh yeah.
Do you know a company called BS?
You don't know?
Never mind if you don't know.
Look here.
Do you know that
you're getting on my nerves?
I don't particularly like you either.
Are you starting something with me?
I'm just talking to you.
Bye.
What's going on with you two?
Did something happen between you two?
What was that?
They're not getting mad at each
other over me, are they?
I don't want them fighting over me.
What? Who's fighting?
Oh, you scared me.
Did you just get in?
Yes, was someone fighting?
No, it's just Jae Hoon.
- What about Jae Hoon?
He keeps butting heads with
my neighbor because of me.
I'm worried that they'll
end up in a fight.
I'm a little nervous.
I really am okay.
What is this all about, Joon?
Why would Jae Hoon do that?
You don't need to know.
Just go to bed.
Come on. Why would Jae Hoon do that?
Actually...
I guess Yeon Hee likes Jae Hoon.
Oh? Really?
Oh! Oh!
Oh, it's cold.
Joon.
Hyuk's mother.
Hello.
So cold, so cold.
Let's go inside.
Come on inside.
Oh, I almost froze to death.
I left my boiler off.
It should get warm soon.
What brings you by today?
Well, is it okay if I sleep here tonight?
What?
Actually, I left my home.
It's a secret from Hyuk.
Ah, okay.
But, it'll be uncomfortable
sleeping here.
No, it's fine.
I'm not uncomfortable at all.
Are you uncomfortable?
Yes.
I think I will be a bit uncomfortable.
Oh my.
How could you be so honest to my face?
You really are my kind of person
the more I see you, Joon.
A person who is blunt and honest
like you, is just my type of person.
I was just like you when I was younger.
I may look this way,
but I'm part of the protest generation.
I've even thrown rocks.
I see.
It was my dream to move out and
live in a place like this in college.
Oh no. Rooftop rooms
can be bad in some ways.
There are cockroaches.
Oh my, oh my!
Should I bring you some clothes?
Yes, I'd like that.
Hey, can you bring me
some socks for sleeping too?
Sure, sleeping socks.
Hey, Joon.
Look on my Hyuk favorably.
Hyuk likes you so much.
Here you go.
I won't ever be a bothersome
mother-in-law if you two marry.
Marry?
Yes, I would be
a really cool mother-in-law.
By any chance, do you have any
lukewarm water for drinking?
Yes, I do.
I'll... I'll bring you some.
No, no.
You have to have half cold and
half hot to make lukewarm water.
- You know how, right?
- Yes.
Half cold and half hot.
I understand.
I want to reiterate it once more.
I'm not the kind of mother-in-law
who will order you around
and tell you what to do.
You'll know once you see.
Yes.
[DF Ver] E12 Revolutionary Love
-= Ruo Xi =-
What is it?
Do you have something to say?
No, but is there someone
you like by any chance?
Why are you suddenly asking me that?
I just don't think
I can remember you dating a girl.
Be quiet. Go to bed
if you have nothing to do.
Do you know what?
I really want you to be truly happy.
You are my one and only friend.
If you can't prove that you're
innocent of bribery...
what will happen to you?
I'll probably get kicked out
of the company.
That won't happen though.
I will end up getting that video.
Oh, I'm so tired.
- Hyuk.
- I'm so tired.
- Sleep in your spot.
- Okay.
[Chief Byun's Office: Goal]
[CCTV]
[Madam Ahn?]
[Chief Byun Woo Sung]
Joon.
Did you hear about what happened
to Hyuk, by any chance?
They're talking about bribery
and all of this nonsense.
I think that Hyuk is being framed.
Actually, I am...
[Chief Byun's Office: Goal]
Mother, do you have time tomorrow?
I always have time.
- Why do you ask?
- Can you help me?
No, can you help Hyuk
prove his innocence?
What is it? Tell me.
You said the USB is a Hello Kitty?
Yes, a Hello Kitty.
Good luck.
Good luck and don't be nervous.
Woo Sung, I'm here.
What brings you here, Mother?
You didn't hear from your father?
I left home.
- I left home last night.
- What?
I just don't think my mind suits
your father's any longer.
The gap grows larger the older he gets
and it's a big problem.
Still, you should resolve
family issues in the home.
This is the company.
You shouldn't do this here.
Your mom left home.
How could you not express any worry?
You're just going
to cut me off like this?
I have a meeting here
with the marketing team soon.
Goodness, they do say
raising sons is useless.
You haven't even asked me
if I had breakfast yet!
Have you had breakfast?
Of course, I haven't.
Is there a place nearby to have brunch?
I'll tell Section Chief Gong to take you.
Oh? You want me to eat alone?
Section Chief Gong, about the meeting...
push it back one hour.
- All right.
- My eldest son is the best.
Let's go eat paninis.
I want to eat a panini.
I could not find the Hello Kitty.
We need to go to Plan B.
- Let's go.
- Okay.
Operation Plan B.
What are you doing?
What does it look like?
I told you not to get involved.
Get out if you don't
want to get involved.
Let's go in together, Joon.
Hey, don't make it obvious
that you were in here.
Don't move all the stuff around.
Okay, okay. Shh.
Chief Byun is a total neat freak.
He will know right away
if anything is out of place.
Oh! Here it is.
You found it?
Hello, kitty.
You're not just going to take it, right?
No, we have make sure
he doesn't notice it's gone.
Oh, so cool.
Isn't Joon so smart, Jae Hoon?
Don't worry. Hyuk's mom
will be delaying him.
You should eat some too.
Section Chief Gong, it's me.
Go to my office and look over
the documents from Strategic Planning.
Yes.
Wait! Wait.
Yes, hold on.
You startled me. What is it?
What is it? Who is that?
What is it?
Hide! Hide, hide, hide.
No, I just thought I waxed that.
Waxed?
I thought about it.
I don't think I did...
I didn't wax this spot.
- Sorry.
- What the heck?
I only did one side.
Uh, wait. Excuse me. Wait...
Oh, Section Chief Kwon.
What are you doing here?
I dropped by to see Chief Byun,
but he wasn't here.
His mother came by,
so he had to step out.
The marketing meeting
was pushed back one hour.
Come back later.
Ah... all right.
Aren't you leaving?
I am leaving. Yes.
- It's done.
- Done?
Okay.
Operation complete.
- Joon.
- Huh?
Why are you so good to me?
Why would you ask something like that?
You did so much for us.
Still, I'm really touched by this.
Are you?
Yes, I am.
Take this up and show
the CEO that you're innocent.
Why aren't you going?
Thank you.
Yeah.
Mother, I should get going now.
You and Hyuk...
it's my wish that
the two of you get along well.
I don't like your father's ways.
You are his older brother.
Don't fight with your younger brother
and just get along, okay?
It's a sign of my sincerity.
It's all part of the affection...
This scene and...
CEO, don't do this.
I won't take this.
If you keep doing this,
I'll be very hurt.
- If you keep doing this...
- This scene too.
Now, you can see where
these pictures came from, right?
So, these were specifically captured
from a video to make you look bad?
- Is that it?
- Yes.
Your brother used a disgraceful
method to frame you.
Honestly, I don't want
to believe that Woo Sung did it.
What is this now?
If you have the opportunity,
you should end his life.
You have to stomp people out so
no one can do this to you again.
What? End his life?
I'm not doing this to win
or stomp people out.
Then why?
I just want to change things.
What?
First, please stop working
with companies that use bribes.
A company that slanders people
like this is doomed anyway.
Is that all?
Yes, that's all for now.
Bye now.
That rascal.
It seems like you've
lost this time, Woo Sung.
Hey!
Really?
Is Hyuk free of that accusation now?
Yes, I think so.
Oh, I'm so relieved.
I'm sorry to have asked you
for a difficult favor.
No, I'm okay.
I haven't had such excitement
in so long. It was fun.
By the way, Joon.
How long are you going
to continue cleaning?
Until I find a part-time job
that pays very well.
Why?
Because it's a waste of such
a bright, smart girl like you.
Hey, what's your dream?
Was there something you wanted to be?
I don't know.
Joon, what's your dream?
My dream?
Was there something you wanted to be?
I never thought about it.
I thought about
who I shouldn't live like.
So, thinking about how I should live...
was something I hadn't done.
Oh, you look cool.
Done working?
Yes, done.
Should I go for a drive?
If you step on it slowly,
it'll go forward.
- It just goes?
- Yes.
- Slowly, slowly, slowly.
- I'm going.
Careful, careful, careful.
Be careful.
- Oh.
- I'll do one round.
- You're pretty good.
- Am I?
- Okay.
- No hands.
Be careful there.
Joon.
If I had not met you,
how would I be living today?
Joon.
If you are not here,
how will I live tomorrow?
Joon.
Just one more time...
can we confirm to see?
What?
Hyuk.
Byun Hyuk?
- What are you doing?
- Huh?
What are you doing?
Hm?
Yeah... I wonder.
What was I imagining?
I wonder why I was imagining that?
Gosh, seriously.
Joon, what are you doing now?
- Hyuk.
- Huh?
Do you want to go on a date?
What? Really?
For real!
Really? Really!
Wow, wow!
Let's go, let's go. We're going now.
- Hold on tight. We're going.
- Hurry.
Hold on tight and we're going.
Be careful. Be careful.
Byun Hyuk.
This thing is pretty fast.
This is pretty good.
What? A date?
Yes, a date.
Do you have time today?
I don't know.
See you in front
of the building after work.
Byun Hyuk? Did he go somewhere?
He left work right on time.
Wow, Third Generation.
He's really something.
You need get rest in order to work well.
You should go home too,
Section Chief Yang.
What? You're leaving right
on time too, Section Chief Kwon?
Yes, I finished my work. Bye.
So, what? You all agree?
Fine, then. You can all go home.
- Really?
- Thank you, Section Chief.
I'll stay alone and finish up.
I have lots of work to do.
Are you leaving now?
I thought you'd stick around
because of Section Chief Yang.
You... haven't left yet?
I did but I was waiting for you.
- Me?
- Joon!
Oh!
You finished earlier than I thought.
Section Chief Yang didn't say anything?
What is going on here?
What else? I told you before, a date.
- Oh, there she is.
- Who?
Yeon Hee, over here!
Oh, hi!
Hello.
All you people who work so hard.
Let's go have some fun for once.
Sounds good.
Let's go, Joon. Let's go, Jae Hoon.
Let's go, Yeon Hee.
Okay.
Shall we go?
Jae Hoon, Jae Hoon!
Jae Hoon.
- Should we rest?
- Yeah.
Go over to him.
Why aren't you skating, Jae Hoon?
They look better together
than I imagined.
Will our Kwon Jae Hoon
finally get a girlfriend?
I wonder.
Oh?
What's with that?
Are they leaving together already?
I guess so.
Kwon Jae Hoon has
more spirit than I thought.
Should we get going too?
- Where?
- Wherever.
Anywhere, as long as you are there.
It's cold. Let's go home.
Joon! Baek Joon!
Hey, let's go on our date.
We should have our date too.
Where should we go, Jae Hoon?
Should we go for coffee?
Well, I'm okay with soju
instead of coffee.
I know a street vendor
with good fish cake soup.
Should we go there?
No, a street vendor wouldn't be
so great on a day like today.
Should we go to a nice wine bar nearby?
Yeon Hee.
Yes, Jae Hoon.
Where should we go?
I think that Joon and Hyuk
did a stupid thing.
What?
There's a woman I like.
If I don't tell you this
and I just drag it out...
I would be doing you a disservice.
That's why I'm telling you.
I'm sorry.
No.
There's no need for you
to be sorry, Jae Hoon.
You don't need to be.
I didn't come out because I was
that interested in you or anything.
Joon and Third Generation were
pushing me into it so much.
I'm okay. I really am.
I was half forced into coming out.
That's a relief then.
What?
A relief?
You really have no manners,
Kwon Jae Hoon.
Please give us two hot Americanos.
Yes, of course.
Wow, this is very unique and new.
I wonder if they're hiring.
I wonder if Jae Hoon is doing okay.
I don't know.
He's so stiff that I hope
he doesn't get dumped.
Here you go.
Thank you.
It's Jae Hoon!
Huh? Why is he alone?
Jae Hoon!
Kwon Jae Hoon!
Where is Yeon Hee?
Why are you alone?
You two just left together, not long ago.
What is it? Did something happen?
I really think I'm going insane.
I think he's really angry.
You're right.
Why is he acting like that?
Kwon Jae Hoon, you jerk.
He got me all confused.
What?
There's a woman he likes?
Ma'am!
One more bottle of soju please.
Coming.
Please go. I want to be alone.
It doesn't taste good if you drink alone.
Are you upset about something?
That jerk.
Kwon Jae Hoon, you jerk.
Kwon Jae Hoon, you jerk!
Are you okay?
What exactly happened?
I know they left together.
So, why would they separate so fast
and come back alone?
I know, right?
Kwon Jae Hoon is such a prickly jerk.
I can see why it happened.
Ah, just one more drink.
Just one more.
What is that?
Just one, huh?
You drank lots, Yeon Hee.
Go on inside.
Oh, come on.
Salute, I'll even do that.
So, just one more.
Let's go have one more.
No, you cannot. I'm going in.
One drink.
I don't want to.
Hey, no.
No...
Wow.
So tiring.
Excuse me.
Am I heavy?
No.
Was Kwon Jae Hoon dumped by Yeon Hee?
Huh?
Jae Hoon, are you sleeping?
Be quiet. Just sleep.
Okay.
Kwon Jae Hoon is in a terrible mood.
I think he did get dumped.
[Kwon Jae Hoon is in a terrible mood.
I think he did get dumped.]
I really think I'm going insane.
[Three years ago]
It's small, old,
and the location isn't great.
Let's go somewhere else then.
Kwon Jae Hoon?
It's been a long time.
What are you doing here?
Do you... live here?
Yes, what about you?
Me?
- I'm going to move here.
- What?
Really?
Yes.
You brought in a proposal that's lowering
the company's margin by one percent.
What are you thinking,
Managing Director Seol?
We are at a disadvantage
when it comes to group lunches.
As a strategy to increase our market,
organic foods are necessary.
Think of the long-term, CEO.
The lunches are a limited market anyway.
We don't want to proceed recklessly
by alienating our existing
business partners.
Which business partners?
BS.
BS? You're sure about that?
I'm sure.
Hangang Food Products,
Hangang Containers, Hangang Packaging...
BS is the parent company of
all three companies.
Who is the real owner of BS?
That's the mysterious part.
It isn't public who the shareholders are.
CEO Min is just the owner on paper.
Oh yeah.
Do you know a company called BS?
You should know better.
I don't know what to think when
you bring proposals like this.
Please fix it and resubmit it.
Do you agree, CEO Byun?
Do as Woo Sung says.
Discard this.
Just do it.
Manager Kim.
Reorganize that proposal you submitted
before and give it to me.
It needs to be given
to Managing Director Seol.
Yes, all right.
Mister Kim Ki Sub,
stop what you were working on.
What? Stop?
What happened, Section Chief Yang?
I told you.
Didn't I say the bosses
wouldn't let it pass?
The CEO put a stop to
the proposal from Director Seol.
He ordered us to work with
the existing companies.
Just know that and don't argue about it.
I'm already totally annoyed
that I have to do the same thing twice.
Is this because of the company called BS?
Do you want to stay quiet and
work in this company for a long time?
Then don't ask any questions.
Do as you are told.
Is it the type of company
that I'm imagining it to be?
Who owns BS anyway?
Who is the owner of BS?
Who is it that you overturn
the managing director's decision?
You don't need to know.
The decisions have already been made.
- Keep your mouth shut.
- Father!
By the way, are you still close
to that girl, Baek Joon?
I thought you were
supposed to end things.
When you have feelings for someone,
how can you end things?
You'll end up ending things
by getting hurt.
You two are born to end up that way.
There's a gap that you can't overcome.
How much did you wrong her father
that you're acting like this?
Can't you apologize to Joon now
for what happened then?
Why would I apologize, you punk!
It was Baek Sung Ki
who put me in danger.
So, you framed him for bribery
and kicked him out?
So, what are you saying?
Are you going to go up against me?
I told you, Father.
I'm not trying to fight.
I just want to change things.
You're going to change me?
If that's the way to change the company.
There's nothing you can change
without facing it head on and fighting.
If you want to change
the company, fight and win.
Start with your brother, Woo Sung.
After that...
I will face you.
Father, what is it that you're hiding?
Can we expose it?
Subtitles by DramaFever